Good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Well, I'm back in my spot. I like
to come over here; I like this
artwork behind us. It's something
different. We do the green screen so
much, and Braden said, "Let's do
a video
today."Yeah.
So, I'm going to go over some of the
things that the Lord gave us yesterday.
For the ones that didn't watch all the
prayer video, I saw a cone. It went down
like a funnel. And at
the base of the cone, there was gold.
There were roads
all around it going to the base.
And there
were
18-wheeler rigs that were bringing
gold—pure,
almost translucent gold—to the
bottom of this cone. It
had a hole in the middle of it like a
donut, but it was thick because the
semis were bringing this gold. It
looked identical to the streets of gold in
heaven, the
translucence of
the
gold.
So, they
were taking this
gold-like
cement and these trucks
were dumping it into a round circle.
As they were moving down, they were
dumping the gold, and the gold was
getting thicker and thicker.
I could see the thickness of the
gold
and a hole in the middle. Now,
nothing was going through that hole. I
don't know why the hole was there, but
it
looked like a
black hole and it was completely dark
all the way through. So, there was
nothing coming up and nothing going
down, but it was a cone. I could see
the cone shape; it wasn't
like a cylinder cone.
It was like a square-looking cone.
I thought that was interesting. It
had four sides at the top
and it went around all the way up, and it
was a cylinder at the bottom and then went
up like a square at the top, kind of like
a castle, which was very interesting
because it did not go all the way up
like that. But these semis had silver
beds with white tarps over
the top of them to hide the gold.
The
semis
had red grills on the front
and
they were silver semis with red grills
red front plates, which I thought
was interesting. I try to tell you
more detail as the day goes,
as I'm re-going over
the things and telling y'all.
That was part of the vision. Then
I saw Ronald Reagan's face
before me. And I saw the old Soviet
Union, the old flag that looked like
an anchor with the
red and all that for the old
Soviet Union. I could see it in the
background. I could see the wall, the
Berlin
wall. "Bring down that
wall, Gorbachev!"I could see the wall
and I could see Ronald Reagan's
face. But Trump's face connected to
Ronald Reagan's face. So, it was half of
Ronald Reagan's face and half of Trump's
face. And as they moved, it was like as
Ronald Reagan's face kind of faded in
the background, Trump's face came to the
forefront. I could see his hair
and
his eyes. He had the blue
suit on with the white shirt and the red
tie, just like he always does. It was
there and I could see it. But then this
is what's interesting: I could see the
writing on a wall again behind Trump
that looked like
graffiti.
It was graffiti with bubble letters, and it
looked like somebody had really messed
up the wall behind him.
But it was puffy, bold letters
in
different fonts.
It
was behind him, but I couldn't make out
what the bubble letters said; I could
see them behind him, kind of like gang
writing.
And so
then I saw the design like whenever you see
the old Batman
things like
"pow,""boom,""bang,"and
they would have
the explosion design and the words there
whenever they were fighting.
I saw that design
and I heard "Golden Age"as I saw Trump's
face. I heard "Golden Age."And the Lord
corrected me. He said, "Stop always
thinking you know how big the window
truly is. For I want to make
this a reward of the wealth of the
sinner laid up for the righteous and for
you to enjoy the wealth that you're
about to
receive."He
said, "Brandon, this is a wealth
transfer for the remnant—the ones that
have listened to me and have
sacrificially given and sacrificially done
the things that I've called you to do
without
compromise. You have been right on. And
I am your exceedingly great
reward. I am
the El Shaddai, the all-sufficient one.
I supply all your needs. Do you
understand?"God
is a God that has an
abundant supply. Ladies and gentlemen,
God is not a poor God.
If you
like poverty, you're certainly not going
to like heaven. There is no poverty in
heaven. There are streets paved with
gold. The foundation has
rubies, diamonds, sapphires,
and all the beautiful stones that you
could ever imagine. Folks, I have seen
these visions. I have
seen what God has prepared for the body
of Christ. If you, being evil, give good
gifts to your children, how much more
does your heavenly Father give good
gifts to those that love him? And I'm
telling you, ladies and gentlemen, God
has more than enough for you and what's
about to happen and a Golden Age. He
said, "A Golden Age,"and I saw a calendar
again
and
a season of blessing for the body of
Christ. Now, you say, "Well,
Brandon, your words kind of
contradict each other. You said you saw
a
crash."Yes,
I have. But just like
words are given to an audience,
what is the time frame
that it's supposed to take
place? Just like Jeremiah
and
Daniel,
the word that Daniel gave has
still not come to pass. And all
the
way to John, the same words did not come to
pass there; we're seeing them manifest
thousands of years later. And the Lord told
me, "Stop trying to control
the
time frame, trying to reason it in
your mind of when you think these things
are going to take
place."He's
coming, ladies and
gentlemen. But just like I told you, it
has to come through the vessel, speaking
it out into existence into the
atmosphere, just like the
prophets did before Jesus came the first
time. He said, "Brandon, I'm going to
raise up these words coming up out
of you, for I am decreeing this through
you. You are my voice.
Peace in this earth."That's why he's
saying, "Have a backbone. Say what I say
to say and walk away from
it."Decree
and
declare the words that I'm giving you to
tell the people that I'm coming, that the
sun is setting on the horizon of time
and you have a window.
Trying to figure out God's timing
whenever a thousand years is a day and a
day is a thousand years to the
Lord is
pretty ignorant, basically,
when we try to put it in our thinking
and go, "Well, God's saying this
and God's saying that,"unless he gives me
a specific saying, well, "Thus saith the
Lord, it's coming on this day at this
hour and this time."Usually, he has
never done that to me; it's usually
very broad: this is
what's coming. And you know, it's the
same thing whenever I gave the word
about Trump's ear. I had no idea when
that was going to manifest. I just saw
all that I saw and I told y'all.
I tried to think that it was going to
happen in the summer months, and it did,
because I saw the green grass
and
the green trees. I saw all those things,
so I knew it wasn't going to come in the
winter because of the fact that
there's green grass and green trees.
Same thing about the woman that I saw:
she had the French twist in her hair,
she has a ballroom gown, and it will be
at his Mar-al-lago that this lady
tries to come in there looking
beautiful. She looked like a supermodel
and she was young. She
walked up to him and she was point-blank at
his chest. This lady was
coming
underneath the radar because
she was gorgeous. Now, why? I have no
idea. This is the vision that I saw,
and I've already warned about this
several times. The Lord told me there
will
be attempts on his life in the
future—that
this is not over and that we are
to pray over him continually because of
what his position holds and what
God has in store for him. It is not for
him to be taken out by any foreign
adversary. Do you understand? Our job is
to always pray protection over every
political leader and ask God
to intervene and protect. The Lord told
me a major crash was coming to the
Chinese economy. We see this;
He warned me about a window that
looked like an open stage
curtain. You know, whenever you see
those stage curtains with the thick
tapestry, the drapes—the thick
drapes—but
it was a red and
yellow-gold
drape that was just like their flag.
There were red drapes and gold
tassels coming down, and there was a
golden rope tied in
the center for the drapes of the stage
of the show, like you would see at
a big theater. It was opened
like this, like you're peeking out
of it. It was opened, and it opened up
pretty wide, but the drapes at the top
were
touching and the drapes at the
bottom were touching. All that was
open was in the middle. I usually
don't go into this kind of detail
whenever I talk because I try to save
you all time, but this is what I saw.
I saw the drape, and the Lord said
there was an opening coming for the body
of Christ when this economy
shakes, and there will be uprising and
rioting and things happening in the
Chinese community and all of
China, rising to overthrow the
government. In this window, I will give
you an opportunity for the gospel to be
preached in all of China, for there will
be
distractions. You
understand? With all the economy stuff, there
are
distractions. So, people can
come through that window and minister
the gospel, but it wasn't very big
and it didn't last a long time. This
would be the same thing that happens
with North Korea—the same things. Do
you understand? And then remember what I
warned you
about: a Pearl Harbor
experience. As the Chinese become
desperate like a dog in a corner, they
try to
retaliate because it's
insulting to their
culture. Does that make sense? They felt
dishonored. They felt embarrassed
because of all that was going around in
the
culture.
I don't know how else to describe
it to you, and that's why I'm trying to
rehearse this so you know what I've
seen. It's getting ready to happen soon;
I feel it inside. Things like this are
escalating on a greater scale, and
you will see in the days ahead a major
shaking in the economy of
China. Yeah, the Lord warned me about
that three-month window about the
tariffs to pray over
the releasing of an agreement—a peace
agreement—a
compromise
with the trade war. I saw the shelves
still empty, and the Lord has warned me
about shelves being empty in certain cities
for sure. There, like
Costcos,
Walmarts, Targets, and Sam's
Supercenters,
they would not have enough
merchandise in the days ahead for all of
the shelves; they would have to take
one store and put that merchandise in
another store to have one location in
some cities. In some cities, it got
so bad that they had armed guards in
those towns and in those cities
because people were
looting, trying to steal in the
stores. Will we see that? I pray we
do not. I pray we can avert these things
through prayer and stop these things
from taking place, even with the
medications and things like that. The
plan of the enemy, folks, is to
kill, steal, and destroy,
but God has come that we might have life
and life more abundantly. That's what
we're wanting right now. That's what we
pray as the body of Christ. We are the
salt of this earth. We are
the ones that bring the flavor. We are the
anchor. We do it all.
And we pray, and God did not call
and say this stuff to go, 'Oh no, the
sky is falling.'No, that's not what
we're doing. We're here to set a
standard and pray a wall against the
enemy, saying, 'Thus far, Satan, and no
further.'Some
of it is
going to happen, but
I believe that we have power and
authority as the believer to tread on
serpents and scorpions and nothing shall
by any means hurt us. We have power
to stop some of this stuff. I believe
it. I want you to believe it with me
because it's the truth. God gave us
authority. And so then, this is the last
thing: I saw
Venezuela being angry about something
that Trump does. Now, I do not know what
that is, but something happens with
Venezuela in the days ahead. It's
something to do with
oil. I saw them becoming angry, and
Russia—I
saw Putin's face coming to
comfort
the Venezuelan government. 'Oh
poor you,'you know, like, 'Oh, bless your heart,
let us help you out.'That's the only way
to describe it. It wasn't like
that, but it's like, 'Oh, bless your heart,
let us help you out. You join up with
us. You become friends with us under the
table right now. We have a
plan.'Remember
what I'm
telling you: 'We have a plan,
Venezuela. We can't come out with it all
the way right now, but we have a plan to
overdominate the dollar in the
Western culture. You come in with us and
we'll rescue you. We'll be a friend when
nobody else is a friend to
you.'And
I saw Venezuela secretly with
tunnels, whatever it was,
trying to talk, trying to make
deals, trying to be friends. And it was
the same thing with
Cuba, North Korea, and Iran. In the days
ahead, you'll see more Iran and Russia
doing things, Turkey doing things, and
you'll see an uprising in the Middle
East like we've never seen before.
Remember this:
we're about to see great things in the
Middle East. And people say, 'How
are we going to have this with Israel
and all
this?'I
saw black swan
events. Black swan events with
Israel
and Iran trying to poke it.
I'm not going to touch
that anymore; I feel instant caution.
You all just need to be watching in the
days
ahead. An escalation of war, an
escalation of strikes against Iran
in the days ahead. Watch these
things. Consider the cost. Israel,
consider the cost. So, basically, that's
what I want to tell you all today.
That's the highlights of yesterday's
prayer. I thought it was
important to always
do these like this. I know it's
kind of different, but I thought, 'Why
not?'because
I know not everybody stays
for the whole prayer video, but
I'll
bring up what I told you all, and
if you feel led to pray over these
things, you can pray over them again,
knowing that the time is short. How
short the time is, I have no idea,
ladies and gentlemen. All I know is I
have an urgency to tell you all the time
that Jesus Christ is coming. And He
said, 'I want to give you a window of
blessing, a golden age, a golden time
frame for the body of Christ.'Now, are
we going to see the economy falter
eventually? Yes. Have I seen a major
plague coming? A plague that will kill
billions of people? Yes. That's
like the bubonic plague—not the bubonic plague.
The black plague of death. It was
bad, bringing out old things
through AI technology.
So let's pray for tomorrow that
they're going to start meeting and
going about this Pope thing and this
Asian man. I've seen him. I believe
this is a guy over the Philippines;
he looked Asian to me.
Starting out good is what the Lord
said—starting
out good and eventually
turning really bad—that it would give a
window. But I saw great shaking coming
to Italy.
And I told you about the root busting the
concrete all the way down through the
Vatican, all the way down in the Vatican
Square, that area. A great change,
and then I saw an even darker time.
I think it's interesting, even with the
sky. Everybody's really
interested in the sky thing. Is this a
volcano thing? Is this all the folks?
All I saw was that the sun was different.
It looked like a haze; I don't know
how else to describe it. It didn't look
like a cloud per se, or like smoke;
it just looked like the sun was being
affected. There was something wrong
with the sun. And I don't know why it
would do that, but the light was weird.
It was like a really weird
movie. I don't know how else
to describe it. I wish I could draw you
a picture of it. The only way I can
describe it to you is it looked like an
eclipse, but it was much
worse.
The light was
more dingy than that. All right, let's
pray. I don't have anything to take
communion with you all today. I'm in
my car, of course, but I thought I'd
pray and
we'll seek the
face of the Lord. I wanted to get a
video out for you today. Instead of
skipping today,
because I had things I had to do, I
thought I'd do it in the car and
do something really fast for you
all.
We'll seek the
face of the Lord real quick and if the
Lord shows us anything, we'll add it
to tomorrow's
video. That's Megan in the
background, everyone. Father, we just thank
You, Lord, for another great day today.
Lord, we thank You for the rain.
Oklahoma is getting so much rain, Lord,
and You're blessing us on so many levels
with so many different rainstorms. And
God, You're filling our lakes, our
streams, and our creeks. Lord,
You've been so good to us. And Lord, we
want to give You honor and glory for it.
Don't take it for granted because
there's a lot of people that are in
drought. Lord, we have
busted the drought overflow; it has been
an
overflow. I believe this is a sign
of the times, saying a great rain is
coming. A great rain is coming to Tulsa.
A great rain is coming to ORU and to
Collinsville and to these areas. A great
rain of My Spirit of revival is coming.
Lord,
I hear the sound of an
abundance of rain. Not just a normal
rain, but a good toad-strangler. Father, when
there
is so much rain that
even the frogs are drowning. Father, I
believe that this is a time for the
former and the latter rain together. And
we call forth the mighty rushing wind, a
mighty rushing rain of the fire and the
presence of the Holy Ghost like we've
never seen before. Just like we're
seeing this outpouring of rain on
Oklahoma, we thank You, Lord, that
there's a greater outpouring of the
presence of God on this nation like
we've never seen it before. You said,
'First the blade, then the ear, then the
full manifestation in the corn.'I thank
You, Lord, for the supernatural abundant
sound of rain. Right now, in the name of
Jesus, we call forth the rain of the
Holy Ghost,
a rain of the presence of God
coming on this nation one more
time—one
more move of God like we've never
seen before. Father, bring in the
lost, the ones in
the back field—those sheep, the lost,
the black sheep that are way in the
back field. Father, You're going to
bring them forth in the name of Jesus.
And we call for blinders off of our
unsaved loved ones'eyes. We say, 'Come off
of their eyes in the name of
Jesus.'I
say, 'Satan,'the Bible says that
Satan has blinded the eyes of the
unbeliever. And we say, in the name of
Jesus, 'Satan, let go of our unsaved
loved ones.'We call on Ephesians, that
the eyes of their understanding would be
enlightened today. We call for their eyes to
be flooded with light, that they may know
the hope of their calling. Father, I
thank You, Lord, right now that You're
sending laborers across the path of
every single
unbeliever, our unsaved loved ones.
Father, we call in harvesters to
come across their path right now in the
name of Jesus. Angels of the Lord, camp
around them and make war
against the enemy that's blinding them.
Father, let them have an
opportunity to see the truth, that they
would know the truth and the truth would
set them free. I thank You, Father, that
You would open the windows of heaven
over them right now in the name of
Jesus. From the north, the south, the
east, and the west, we call forth an
abundant harvest of souls in
Jesus'name.
All to the glory of God. We thank
You, Lord, that they're coming in, and
that
the
sowers
and the reapers would
go hand in hand. Father, the
seedtime
and harvest will be accelerated in these
last days. And we call forth the seedtime
and
harvest to be accelerated right
now in the name of Jesus, that the
harvesters and the sowers, the harvesters
and the sower will go hand in hand for
an acceleration of seedtime and harvest
and supernatural finances like we've
never seen before. We call in the
open door, that everything we put our
hands to will prosper. Father, You said
You rebuked the devourer for our sake. And
I thank You, Lord, that everything we
put our hands to prospers, and You've
rebuked that devourer. And we call forth
the mighty wind of the Spirit of God to
blow on our finances. And we call forth
harvest to come forth in the name of
Jesus. For this is a golden age, You
said, Lord, for the Body of Christ.
Father, for the wealth of the sinner
is
laid up for the righteous. And I call
forth abundant money coming forth to the
righteous right now in the name of
Jesus. You said that there would be
great days of fun for us to enjoy,
Father. And I thank You,
Lord, that we will bring forth the
people with this financial outpouring.
Father, it's not just to squander it
all, but Father, I thank You, Lord, that
it's to bless the people and to bring in
the harvest. And I thank You, Lord, for
supernatural finances to do what You've
called us to do. And every ministry
that's represented here today that's
believing for the harvest
money—Father,
I thank You, Lord, that they would bring
back some thirty, some sixty, and a hundredfold. But
God, I'm believing for a hundredfold seed,
hundredfold
ground, and hundredfold miracle manure.
Father, let us not sow into ground
that is stony and hard, but let us sow into
the manure that is good and produces
good fruit, a good harvest over our
crops in Jesus'name. Father, I thank You,
Lord, that we repent over our bad seed.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the
seeds that we've sown in the past that
are bad seeds, we call a crop failure in
the name of Jesus. And we say, 'Crop failure!'Let
it
be dead seed; we will not reap back
what we sowed—the bad seed. I pray for
mercy and that the seed would not bear
fruit in the name of Jesus. We even
curse the root of the fruit in the name
of Jesus. Thank You, Lord, for
supernatural increase. Thank You, Lord.
Father, for the marriages that are
turning around right now, God, I'm
calling forth marriages to be whole. I'm
calling forth marriages to be well. I
say this is a time like we've never seen
before, that marriages will flourish.
Our marriages, the Body of
Christ's
marriages, will stand out to the world
and they'll say, 'How are you all so in love?
How do you all not ever
fight?'How
do you all have such peace in your house,
and your children have peace, and there's
no drama in your household? Your kids
are not on drugs. Your kids are not
strung out on sex. Your kids are doing
well
because we put Jesus as the cornerstone of
our home. He is the
foundation. He is all in all of our
household. And Father, because as for me
and
our house, we will serve the Lord.
When we serve the Lord, there's
fruit in that. I
thank you, Lord, for husbands,
men of God to rise up like Davids in
these
last days. Father, not shrinking
back like a coward, but rising up with a
backbone like a crowbar, taking
back what the enemy's stolen, like
Joshua and Caleb, saying, 'This is our
land. We're taking the land for
Jesus.'And
we're going to be bold about it.
We're not going to shrink back and say,
'We're the size of
grasshoppers.'No,
God, I thank you,
Lord, that we're going to be the people
that say, 'No, we are more than
conquerors through him who loved
us.'And
greater is he that is in us than
he that is in the world. A thousand
shall fall at our side, and 10,000 at
our
right hand, but nothing shall come
nigh us. We believe, Father, in the
power and the authority of the believer.
We believe that Jesus Christ is a
healer. We believe that Jesus Christ is
our deliverer. We believe that
everything we put our hands to will
prosper. And we're taking our dominion
and we're taking our authority, and we
take the land for Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for creative
ideas to get wealth today. I believe,
Father, that we have that ability to get
the job done, the anointing to get the
job done. Father, we're not
shrinking back and saying, 'No,
we don't have what it takes.'No, we
have more than what it takes because Jesus
dwells on the inside of us. You say, 'Well, I don't know if I've got—no, greater is he that is in you, ladies and gentlemen.'You have what
it takes
because he's no respecter of
persons. What he did for one, he'll do
for you.
God poured out—he said he
rains
on the just and the unjust. So
that means he rains on the unjust, too.
So how much more will he rain on you?
Thank you,
Lord. Hallelujah. It's time. I hear it
in my spirit; I hear the sound of an
abundance of
rain.
It's time to believe him for
the impossible. That what was impossible
would come to pass in the name of Jesus.
The things that you thought would never
come to pass—it's time to believe for
the harvest at last. It's time to
believe for the turnaround in your
finances. It's time to believe for the
shaking of what you believe
for, to shake it out of the world's
economy and bring it into the righteous
economy. It's time to
shake it loose. 'Let go of my stuff,
devil! Let go of what God has for
me!'He'll
not take what God has for me. I'm
going to walk in abundance. I'm going to
walk in the blessing. I'm going to walk
in healing, in
wisdom, and in
holiness. My marriage is going to be
standing out. My children stand out
because the glory is on us. Just like
Moses's face shone with the glory of
God. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
you're no respecter of persons. You do it
for him; you'll do it for me. If you
visit Moses, you'll visit
me. If you visit
David, you'll visit
me. If he visited
them, he'll visit me. That's why I say
it all the time: 'Oh God, visit me! Oh
God, visit me!'Bringing forth harvest
one more time—a major move of God like
we've never seen before. Thank you,
Lord, for all that you've done
and
for what you're going to
continue to do. Thank you, Lord, that
the rain is coming. I hear the sound of
an abundance of rain. I hear the camels
are coming. A
golden age for the body of Christ; a
window of opportunity for the wealth
of the sinner
laid up for the
righteous. I hear the sound of an
abundance of
rain. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Father,
we pray over President Trump right now
in the name of Jesus. We thank you,
Lord, that you're bringing forth wisdom
on him like he's never had before on how
to run this nation. I take authority
over every satanic and demonic spirit
that tries to come against him. Father,
as the body of Christ together, we do it
as a whole—not me by myself, but us as
a whole—believing that God has given
him a Solomon-type of wisdom to lead
this nation out of what we're
in, for a great harvest of souls.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for a
Jonathan and David relationship
between
Israel and the United States. Father, for
you said, 'If you bless Israel, I bless
you. If you curse Israel, I curse
you.'And
I thank you, Father, that we will
bless
Israel regardless of the leadership
that's there today. We bless the people.
I don't believe in
replacement
theology. I stand with Israel. I stand
with Jerusalem. I stand with the people
of
Israel. There is no replacement
theology. I rebuke that
thinking in the name of
Jesus; it's a lie from the pit of
hell. Father, I thank you, Lord,
for the blood of Jesus Christ.
I thank you, Lord,
that you
saved us and redeemed us from the
curse of the law. I call healings and
wholeness and wellness over these people
today.
Lord, we give you praise, glory, and
honor.
We rebuke that foul devil
from hell of prejudice. I see you, you
foul devil from hell.
There's only one body with
all of us joined together as brothers
and sisters in Christ. Some of you
are
believing for cars right now; some of
you are believing for houses right now. It's
time to believe God for big,
but get out of
debt. You say, 'Well, I've got to pay
back student
loans.'Whatever
that was,
God's ready to pay it off.
Let's
believe God for big, ladies and
gentlemen. He is
exceedingly abundantly above all that
you dare ask or think. It's time to
believe him for what you thought would
be impossible—he can turn it around on a
dime. He can turn it around with a seed.
Whatsoever a man soweth, that
will he also reap. He can turn it on a
seed. If you have a need, sow a seed.
That's where we always go in my
household. If you have a need, we sow a
seed. I'll sit there and just go, 'Well,
whatever I'm going to do.'No, if you
have a need, sow
a seed.
Well, Lord, I need this. And we
sow
there, and he blesses it—some
thirty,
some sixty, and a hundred-fold. We
believe that God is a rewarder of
those that diligently seek him in this
household, and he will visit you. Now,
Father, I thank you,
Lord, for visitations right now for
every single one of them. They're
believing for visitations—angelic visitations,
Holy Ghost
visitations,
Jesus
visitations—for
supernatural
visitations to experience the glory.
I thank you, Lord, that
the
revival starts with us. Today, Lord,
we are the carriers of the
glory. We're the carriers of the
anointing. Every one
of us are carriers, and we believe that
we carry the Holy Spirit
throughout the whole neighborhood.
Hallelujah.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, for
JD Vance, Father, for protecting him,
and
for a change in the government
of Canada. Father, I pray that you would even
visit
this new prime
minister. I saw Justin Trudeau being
removed. It happened just like you said,
Lord. He was removed, then we got the other
guy. But Father, visit the other guy.
Visit him. Lord, let them have
an experience with you; shake them in
their sleep.
If you can deal with Pharaoh,
Father, you can deal with some of these
men; they are nothing compared to what Pharaoh
was. If you could deal with Pharaoh,
Lord, you can deal with them. I
thank you, Lord, that even as you dealt
with Pharaoh, you will shake these
men. You will shake them in the name of
Jesus. All is not lost. The sky is
not falling, but Father, you are able to
turn it just like you did with Pharaoh. You
can deal with Kim Jong-un. You can deal
with these people and you can shake
them. You can deal with Ali Khamenei. You
can shake them. Father, I thank you,
Lord, for bringing revival
to
North Korea, Iran, and these areas
that have been so locked down with
bondage. You can bring freedom
by
shaking these people in the midnight
in their sleep to say, "Listen
again, I
am coming."Shake
them. I thank you, Lord, that you send
your angels just like when Paul and
Silas in the midnight hour cried out and
they shook the chains off of them and
opened the prison door. Father, you
are
able to bring a mighty
earthquake to shake the prison doors
open, to shake these places open, and to
bring freedom so that we
will have revival. Now, God, I pray over
the elections in South Korea
and
all these other areas. God,
that we would have a major revival in
these areas and
a great turnout and voting for
South Korea, Singapore, and whoever
else is
voting—El
Salvador, maybe. I do not remember who it
was; there were a lot of them. But
Father, I thank you, Lord, that
a lot of people will vote
righteously
and that things
will turn around for
them. I believe we are so close to
a major revival,
something
of biblical proportions, that
when we wake up, we will say, "Oh my gosh,
look at what God has
done!"The
Lord said, "Pray over
Iraq."Father,
we call forth the
government
of
Iraq to change. Father, for
a rising of the CBI, the Central Bank of
Iraq, we call forth a change in Iraq in
the name of Jesus. We call forth a
revaluation
of the dinar. We speak for
the dinar to revalue now in the name of
Jesus, to reinstate at 3.22 or 3.33. We
call you to revalue in the name of
Jesus. We call a turnaround in the
dinar. We call it to happen now in the
name of Jesus. Satan, you have blocked
this blessing; you have hindered it long
enough. We say, "Get your hands off of
this economy!"and we say, "Turn around in
the name of
Jesus."Father,
we thank you, Lord, that
there will be an
overnight change in Iraq
in the name of Jesus.
Father, this is a time like never
before where we see a time of
soaring. The oppression and the
suppression are gone in Jesus'name. Thank
you, Lord, for raising up new men and women
to rise up in godly leadership positions
around the world.
We
pray
for
revival in this area where I
am
right now.
Let revival start with me. Let revival
start with
us.
We call for revival today,
an awakening unto God.
Every tongue that rises against us, we
condemn it,
Lord.
It will not bear
fruit on us. Every witchcraft,
spell, incantation, chant, and
voodoo—Father,
we thank you, Lord, it
will not bear fruit.
We take authority in the name of
Jesus.
For the Lord is good and his
mercy endures
forever.
We are
expecting change today. Thank you, Lord.
Glory. Hallelujah.
Thank you all for
joining me today. I
felt a release.
Hallelujah. We thank you, Lord, for
revival
in
this
neighborhood. We
call for revival in the
name of Jesus.
It
is
time
to
walk
in the
light of God's love and in the
light
of God.
I
pray
for
a
fresh anointing of the Holy Ghost
through this camera
today that they would be stirred up from
the inside
out with the
Holy Ghost and fire.
They have hope today that Jesus
Christ has a plan for their life, and
that he loves them and
can do anything if you
believe.
We believe that he is
a rewarder of those that diligently seek
him. Thank you, Lord, for all that you
have
done and all
that you are going to do.
The best is yet to come.
Hallelujah. Glory to God.
We just want to say thank
you for joining us today. God bless you
all. If you could like the video and
subscribe,
it really helps us.
Click the
notification bell and do all the things
that help with the
algorithm. That is the only thing we
will
ever ask of you. We do not ask for a
dime. Freely you have been given; freely
we give it out. That is my heart and that
is
the way it always will be
for
this YouTube channel. We keep
pushing on, and
we appreciate all the
love and support you have
given us with the algorithm and
our ministry on this platform.
It is interesting how
God has used this for this
end-time
prayer army, that we
could join together as pray-ers
throughout the whole world
to
intercede for change in our
communities. We believe that we have
received that
in Jesus'name.
There are
good
days ahead for the body of Christ. We
hope you are encouraged today by watching
this video and we will be back again. I
have
been trying to do prayer every day
because
I feel an urgency.
The
Lord
has
been on my
heart saying, "Brandon, it is a time of
prayer like never before."We are changing
things in the spirit. Remember, as we
pray together as a body, we are strong
together. Many hands make light work.
Remember that when you are trying to be a
Rambo by yourself.
We
are
a family and we
excited you are here. We close our
broadcast every single time by telling
you all to put a smile on your face and
a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much and we love you. God bless you all
and we will see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.